most people when ask name a famous
female scientist the only scientist they
can name is Marie cury first woman ever
to teach at the University of Paris so
now she is really a phenomenon and a
magnet for women scientists there were
about 45 women who worked for her 45
women 45 this is a pivotal moment in the
history of Science and it's a moment
when physics and chemistry really meet
and they meet Society in a fundamental
way
this is Star Talk Neil degrass Tyson
here your personal astrophysicist got
Chuck nice with me Chucky baby hey Neil
yeah here guess who we have as a as a
guest today a very special guest let me
tell you how special Beyond special
Beyond special let me tell you how
Beyond special this person is right here
you see her right here can we all the
camera can't okay there we go d welcome
back to Star Talk this person sitting to
my left our record show was our very
first guest season 1 episode one of Star
Talk wow
whoa D we unworthy we're not worthy you
were there at the beginning oh my gosh
uh we call that telescopes that rocked
our world and yeah and back then it was
only audio so we no that's that's all we
had okay well here we are that's like
prehistory so you're you're a science
writer but you cut your teeth as a
journalist for was it ganet papers in
Long Island what was it oh it was in uh
Upstate New York when I worked for them
and them is ganet and Gan is everywhere
was right it was the Binghamton evening
in Sunday press Binghamton wow okay Bing
a town in New York state New York New
York and there was IBM there I is
briefly very briefly a technical writer
for IBM okay so you had some sence chops
early yeah okay I went to your high
school too graduate of the Bronx High
School of Science who uh oh that's
serious bones as they
say okay so you already had a science
baptism becoming a journalist yeah yeah
wow yeah and I didn't even know it was
called science writing and I wish
somebody had told me about it sooner
because it would have made my
Journey a lot more direct I was just
just a lost soul for a long time oh but
I'm happy now you've been found saved by
science saved by saved by science I
think most people came to know you
through your I don't know if it's your
first book but the first book that did
really really well of course and that
was uh the chronometer story longitude
longitude yes uh the story The subtitle
you know if you if you read the title in
the subtitle's book you say I ain't
buying that who's going to be care I
didn't think anybody would buy it yeah
give buy me the subtitle what was it the
true story of a lone genius who solved
the greatest scientific problem of his
time oh no I'm buying that book wa wait
wait are you kidding me that's that's
like a scientific Tel Nolla well I know
but but it's titled longitude longitude
that's what I'm saying you might have
lost me there that's what I'm saying and
people still ask me what's it about
really it's hilarious and you wouldn't
utter the man's name because no one
heard of him but uh Harrison John
Harrison John Harrison who invented the
first seaworthy chronometer which is a
runaway Mega bestseller okay right and
another one Galileo's daughter M yes
whose name was well she was Virginia but
then she became SW Maria cheste celest
when she Celeste Celeste yeah that's the
sky right there okay okay and then there
was the glass ceiling actually it was
called the glass Universe the glass
un but you know even my editor called it
the glass ceiling all no yeah so that
one was that was a good one uh let me
just declare that my people are pretty
well informed about that part of our own
history in astronomy there's a whole
community of women at the Harvard
College Observatory but we knew that
this story was not told beyond our own
retelling among ourselves and this was
an important
exposition of the role that women played
in Early science and in particularly
Early Astronomy yeah the glass glass
universe and what was the subtitle on
that one how the ladies of the Harvard
Observatory took the measure of the
Stars oh nice wow you make great titles
thank
you thank you so uh we've got you here
and now because you have yet another
book y just setting the straight okay
just let's do it uh Marie curri oh okay
how everyone wait wait okay I'm not
going to read the subtitle because I
want you to compliment her on yet
another subtitle here it goes give it to
us Marie cirri how the glow of radium
lit a path for women in science oh see
you're just showing off now you're just
showing off glow of radium the glow of
radium that's pretty wild yeah yeah and
and how like I see what she did there
too cuz she right didn't she discover
radium right she discovered radium and
was get the whole sry get the whole
thing I'm just trying to remember my oh
you remember ponum oh my
God was actually the first one yeah and
so we can't name them all you know right
curium right so she didn't name any of
them curium that came
later yeah and and the first radioactive
element was radium well uranium was the
first one oh sure sure but with the one
she worked with what she discovered the
first one was ponum so how many elements
did did she discover two which ponum and
radium okay all right and later on we
would name an element in her honor
curium cuum gotcha so how did how did
Marie curri land in your lap I had a uh
almost a religious experience in the
course of writing the glass
Universe because the story was all about
women and over and
over I kept finding myself surprised by
what they had
done and I finally had to
admit
that I had embarrassingly low
expectations of
them and even though I'm a woman my
mother was a scientist I had all these
reasons true um had all of these reasons
to be more
respectful I had just picked up the
negative attitudes about women that were
in the air in you had a man bias I
definitely did and so it it stunned me
and then I had I had several astronomers
fact check that book and one of them was
Alyssa Goodman at
Harvard and
she apologized right away she said I'm
not really focusing on your descriptions
of astrophysics because I'm so
gobsmacked by these women I here I am at
Harvard I know all their names but I
always thought it was something cute or
quaint I never realized they were doing
science so this kind of misogyny these
low opinions of women in science are
very widespread very
Insidious and that made me want to tell
more stories about women in science so
my editor immediately suggested Marie
cury and I said no because everybody
knows about her and I don't have
anything new to say about her so I
wouldn't want to just regurgitate facts
but then I was asked to review a book
called women in their element and it was
all about women chemists more than 30 of
them
and in reading the profiles of these
women six or seven of them had a direct
connection to Marie cury and that was
interesting it was like a little
Network so I got in touch with the cury
museum and Paris and they had records
there were about 45 women who worked for
her wow so this was something I knew
that no nobody knew about Madam Fury she
was like the Harpo Studios of
science before
Oprah so they gave you access to these
records not just then um they they
actually had a a book published uh
little little sketches of of the women
in alphabetical order with some
biographical
details and references to the papers
they had written these are this is the
stable of other women working in Mar his
laboratory right 45 women 45 man that's
phenomenal I mean how how does how does
it even get to that number because of
the position she was in so she and her
husband shared a Nobel Prize in
1903 and then he was killed in an
accident and she took over the
laboratory and his teaching position by
the way his name is cury yes yeah her
name was
scadova so she's polish oh though we
think of her as think of her as French
as French right because of
Madame of course she had to go to Paris
to go to university why because in
Warsaw where she was born women were not
allowed to attend University wow yeah
yeah and we're not
talking no we're talking about the late
1800s yeah yeah first woman ever to
teach at the University of Paris wow so
now she is really a
phenomenon and and a magnet for women
scientists oh of course oh cool yeah all
the other women in Poland who weren't
allowed to go to school some of those
they were like were headed to Paris to
study under Marie Norway I didn't want
to
undervalue the value of her
visibility yes in the Ambitions of
others oh my gosh whereas I think women
have always been interested in science
found ways to participate in science she
was the first one who really was in
charge of a laboratory and a
professorship hey Star Talk fans I don't
know if you know this but the audio
version of the podcast actually posts a
week in advance of the video version and
you can get that in Spotify and apple
podcast and most other podcast Outlets
that are out there multiple ways to
ingest all that is Cosmic on Star Talk
okay so
today most people when ask name a famous
female scientist the only scientist they
can name is Marie curri that is the sad
truth okay so you're not helping that
matter because you just published a book
on Marie C guilty is
Char so maybe the rest of these women
are there stories that can be
highlighted among them yes oh well yes
and that's a is that also a part of the
book that is what the book is about oh
it's about all these other women about
the Legacy there you go yeah and uh it
was during her lifetime they came
because of her and then she collaborated
with them published with them she taught
a course so she was inspiring students
in that class even before she taught at
the University she had taught at a
teacher training school for women and
she taught physics wow that was her that
was her field so she shared the Nobel
Prize in physics with Pierre but then
1903 in 1903 but then in
19011 they awarded her the Nobel
committee awarded her the Nobel Prize in
chemistry wow and she alone so she
didn't share it with anyone right yeah
most Nobel prizes are shared thank thank
goodness that she did that because and I
mean I I hate to be cynical but if you
share a Nobel Prize with your husband a
husband who you also share his name and
you have his name people are going to
automatically uh fall into the bias of
well clearly she was his assistant he
did he did the work that happened even
though she won a second Nobel Prize even
though she it's really rough for women
let me tell you that's that's why I was
glad she won a second one so to erase
any stigma that might have been attached
second one out right yes this is all her
you know no it still it still got said
that she was just his assistant oh man
and the reason they took on that work it
was her dissertation project when it got
really interesting Pierre quit what he
was doing to work with her yeah just
like man okay I didn't say that no I'm
saying it but she had a good friend uh a
British physicist hertha aerton who was
also married to a physicist and they
intentionally worked on different things
just so no one could say that Hera was
her husband's assistant the assistant
wow so uh highlight some of the science
that came out of her lab and her and her
Brilliance well
radioactivity which was her word was a
new phenomenon and that's why she got
interested in it so X-rays were
discovered in
1895 and that was a huge
interest a thousand papers on x-rays got
that got the first Nobel Prize in
physics willin in 1900 the discovery of
x-rays what an unfortunate name but what
bham bilham m R in fact we're the only
ones who call them x-rays everybody else
call them R right what you didn't know
that no I did not I'm sorry we got your
Rankin
back and it appears that your wrist is
fractured yeah that's not that doesn't
work for me you know we got your X-rays
I don't know it just sounds great what
did wilham call them he called them
x-rays so the very next year Beckel in
in
France beel
now you know that's a good name
Multicultural we are that's a good one
so he was curious about X-rays and
wanted to
see uh if if maybe it was an effect of
fluorescence or phosphorescence but he
noticed and he was experimenting with a
a uranium
Crystal and something else was coming
out of the uranium that was not
X-rays and he
um he got very interested in that he
called them uranic
rays and everybody else was so
interested in
x-rays that nobody picked up on the
uranic Rays so Madame cury now looking
for a a thesis topic thought that's
that'll be good for me because it's
interesting and her her husband was an
inventor of instruments and scientific
instruments scientific instruments and
there was a way to measure the strength
of these uranic
rays that some of his instruments could
pick up so it just seemed to be perfect
for her and soon she so she started
testing all the elements to see if
anything else emitted these uran uranic
rays and she found out that thorium also
did name for of you know the uh the god
of the
bifrost Thor Thor yeah that it's a huge
fun history of culture and mythology and
people in the embedded in the periodic
table but go so thorium and then she was
testing some uranium ore and got a
reading that was Far higher than either
uranium or thorium oh and so she
concluded that there was an unknown
element
and as yet undiscovered element that she
could discover on the basis of its
radioactivity that was her word and and
did you say that earlier that whatever
this other ingredient is found with
uranium yeah so that's pretty wild she
inferred its existence exactly because
pure uranium wouldn't do that she
already tested that she knew what its
strength was and this was much much
higher so first she retested everything
make sure sure if she didn't make a
mistake and then she said there has to
be a new element wow and this this is
part of the excitement of this period
that the the periodic table was a work
in progress it still is but there no
gaps is the point there no moreap we
still increasing at the high end uh with
making bigger fatter elements and there
there's a hypothesized place because all
these elements are highly unstable but
there's an hypothesized Place based on
equations of of atomic nuclei and their
stability that it's called we think
there's an island of stability just a
few more elements down if you make those
elements then they're they'll permanent
and they're not they won't Decay like
all these other elements do and so
there's a hunt now for the island of
stability yeah so we're still we're
still working the table but everything
you're talking about filling in gaps
filling in the Gap that were there right
oh yeah right there were a lot of
gaps
and in the course of breaking down this
ore to isolate the new element she
realized there were two different ones
and and the first one they identified
was polonium which they named for Poland
right and then because of her because of
her yes yeah because because she was
very fiercely polish yeah uh yeah mhm
and had originally intended to get
educated in Paris and then and go back
to Poland and teach and and and uplift
her her country people right but uh she
fell in love a colleague of hers thought
that he might be helpful to her in her
work and they fell in love neither of
them expected that but and what was her
line I'm I I it was she wrote to one of
her her her family members that it it's
a grief to me it's a grief to me to
remain forever ever in par but I am
deeply in love wow today there would
just be an
emoji we' lost all ability to
communicate I want to say she could
really write her scientific papers are
so clear yeah they are a Marvel of
Clarity by the way my my wife would
leave me for plane tickets to
Paris all
[Music]
right much less a a secret know I'm
saying just the plane tickets she's like
listen man this I'm sorry this didn't
work out it was good up until now
exactly so I'm I'm I'm delighted we take
so much for granted in modern times that
the chart of boxes in the front of your
chemistry class was complete yeah and
just been there forever like it's like
it's just there endowed by the universe
but no there's some hard work to make
this happen so tell me no one
understands at the the time that
radioactivity will harm healthy tissue
so what give me some backstory on that
well you'd think they would have figured
it out right away because they had burns
on their hands and if they carried a
vial of the stuff in a pocket they got a
burn on their body so this immediately
drew the attention of medical doctors
who saw this material as a treatment for
cancer and for several decades radium
was the cure for cancer for tumors you
would you would attack the the cells of
a tumor exactly and it radiating the
cells of the tumor exactly wow how would
they do would they drop radi radium into
the tumor itself or what would they do
it changed over time so the first two
patients two women with breast cancer
were actually brought into the cu's
laboratory wow and had there so somebody
had to have that thought to even
consider this right there was harm
associated with it obviously but it was
doing so much good and it was so
interesting when did they find out that
radioactivity also causes
cancer well I think the real big moment
was in the
1920s with the with the um the dial
painters so these were young women
painting the numbers on glow-in-the-dark
watches and instruments using paint that
actually contained radium right and and
they were told to to put the paintbrush
between their lips to get a nice Point
tip yes and it destroyed their jaws and
they died good their teeth fell out they
yeah it was horrible that's terrible
horrible and of course Madame curri
never advocated paint full of radium
that was not what she was yeah but think
about it at the think of how amazing it
is that there's something that's glowing
all by itself yeah that must have been
just Stupify yeah and that that appealed
to Marie and Pierre from the beginning
that as they would try to break down
this ore and they'd have different
dishes of of this or that they didn't
know what it was at first and at night
there would be a glow but it isn't
really the radium right even in the
paint the the radium shoots out an alpha
particle that excites the other
ingredients in the paint and that's
that's
what renders it
visible this is a pivotal moment in the
history of science absolutely physics
and chemistry yeah absolutely because
it's not just and it's a moment when
physics and chemistry really meet meet
and they
meet Society in a fundamental way would
you say that the concept of
radioactivity and its value to dating
things for their age all began with
Marie C is that a fair credit to give
yes she wasn't doing that work but other
people in her lab were oh including some
of the women okay because if something
is radioactive you have a certain amount
of that substance in your sample if it's
radioactive it's changing identity it's
becoming another element right right
it's very alchemical isn't it look at
that look at that which was a big
problem at first changing one element
into another is that even possible right
cuz we'd already given up on Alchemy
exactly right if you know the rate at
which it's changing and you know how
much you started with you'll know how
old the sample is right because how long
it's been there yeah and oh my gosh how
useful that is especially to
geologists yeah yes the age of the Earth
was determined in the wake of these
discoveries cool and it was much older
than anybody had older than 6,000,000
years you think you think that's so
funny yeah tell me about her her second
Nobel Prize what was she cited for in
that the morning chemistry specifically
for the discoveries of the new elements
and her isolation of radium which she
had only recently managed to do so these
elements existed in such tiny quantities
but from a ton of ore she would get a
fraction of a gram you know how big how
much a gram weighs um how big is the
cracker
no I don't know how much is a grand it's
it's hardly anything it's it's
130th of 1 oun 130th of an ounce yeah
see that is information as a proud
American that I will never need you ever
wanted one of your questions on the
universe answered we all have questions
about the universe black holes to
quazars quantum entanglement wormholes
there is no end to the depths of cosmic
curiosity w
the entry level of patreon membership
with Star Talk gets you just that I
think it starts at $5 a month you have
access to the question line that reaches
our Cosmic query programming and not
only that we produce a special Cosmic
queries installment just for patreon
members if you weren't the director of
the Hayden planetarium what do you think
you would be doing okay but this have to
be another Universe it wouldn't happen
in this universe okay I'd be I'd be a
songwriter for Broadway musicals oo so
that's the entry level and the perks
ascend from there uh there's a level in
fact where we send you a an autographed
copy of one of my latest books uh right
now it's Star Messenger Cosmic
perspectives on civilization and it's
signed with my fancy fountain pen with
purple ink so I invite you to just check
the link below and all of that money
goes to our ability to experiment with
new ways of bringing the universe down
to earth so thank you for those who have
already joined and we welcome others to
participate in this Grand Adventure of
what it is to bring the universe down to
earth as always keep looking up tell me
about her daughter oh what's up with Dad
so she had she had two daughters and the
older girl was very much like her father
and Marie always dreamed that she would
become a scientist which she did and she
also won a Nobel Prize in chemistry wow
Dam talk about a bloodline right there
about that yeah so when was her the
daughter's Nobel Prize 1935 and what she
do it for she and her husband found a
way to create oh oh the husband is in
there there's another husband she
repeated the story
married the lab partner worked together
wow and made these tremendous
discoveries and shared the Nobel Prize
with him look at that you have become
your
mother so what was it what did she
discover they discovered a way to make
artificial radio Elements which had a
big advantage over natural radioactive
elements because they would Decay to
something non- radioactive immediately
so they could make that
safer wow very important in medicine
medicine exactly exactly CU you don't
really want to be using radium to treat
your
cancer that's fascinating W yeah because
not all elements are created equal oh
some Decay faster than others right yeah
so that their lethality or their harm
Factor drops exponentially yeah from
when you needed it at its at its peak
right and so yeah there's in fact
depending on how long you need the
treatment they just pull one off the
shelf that has the right radioactive
profile absolutely right right so she's
creating the ideas and the foundations
for whatever medical instruments would
later be built wow in the service of
human health so the people who got the
Nobel Prize for those discoveries
basically she would call them and go
you're
welcome just how science build
yeah yes yes that's did you want to talk
about The Love Affair so by the time of
her second Nobel Prize her husband's
gone he's deceased he was yes five five
years gone and from what I understand
there was some
highly written about in the media Affair
between her and a married man is that do
I remembering this correctly yes okay
and today I don't know how important
that would be to anybody so in the late
SS okay early
1910s it that information is received
differently now she's a celebrity so
everyone is going to care about her sex
life okay because that right that's what
we do that that's how that goes so did
this matter to the Nobel committee were
they it mattered to everyone she was
vilified she was called a home wer and a
foreigner because he was a married man
with children so word of this got out
and it got out in the wake of a highly
important physics meeting where only the
top physicists in the world were invited
to attend she was there she was the only
woman in the room and they come out
Albert Einstein was there Ernest
Rutherford a few people you've heard of
ruford discovered the nucleus of the
atom these are these are some Heavy
Hitters heavy big time so she's vilified
and the cheating husband is not vilified
right right he a victim oh he's a victim
oh so they uh it's the it's the Harlot
scientist of course you know she's a
foreigner and she she's she had recently
tried to gain election to the Academy of
Sciences so so that people get
jingoistic she's a foreigner right she's
she's a home wer a man married with kids
right and he's a victim so what happened
at the meeting and then what happened
with the no commit the meeting was
already over and Einstein wrote to her
outraged that she had been pinpointed
this way and
said he he's sorry that the rabble was
concerning itself and he thought very
highly of her yeah that sounds see
that's great because his deal is what
does any of this have to do with science
right the Nobel committee decided that
maybe it would not be a good idea for
her to come to Stockholm to accept the
prize in the midst of this Scandal wa
wait would would they have given her the
prize even if she didn't show
up I think so so they they just didn't
want the med Circ the just the whole
right or the circus that would unfold
right because they wouldn't be asking
about that would that would change the
mood of the of the ceremony the ceremony
but at that and she had offered at first
not to come and they told her no no one
here believes the lies but then they
changed their minds and asked her not to
come and she
said I fail to see any connection
between my scientific work and
scandalous attacks on my private life
exactly and she went to Stockholm
however I will say that the illicit sex
that I've had with my lab partner is
indeed radioactive
stop no
comment there's a novel inside Chuck
somewhere trying to get get that out so
so she went and got the got the prize
she got the prize yeah and she took her
daughter with her mhm so Iran got to got
a foraste of of of her hey I'm going
think I'm gonna come by here
in you guys in a few years 25 years I'll
be back I'll be back watch me right so
your book who published the book Grove
Atlantic Monthly press oh okay and and
it it's out now it is it is out now all
right so is this a movie ready to be
made sounds like one does someone buy
buy the movie rights from your lips
now I saw recently a play about Marie
cury yes there've been plays there have
been movies yeah but as I said this is a
different story we'll see what happens
yeah yeah yeah okay do you remember her
on the on the mural of course you do the
the huge Mosaic at the front entrance of
the Bronx High School of Science you
walk under that every single day and it
it's very biblical in its scale and then
the posturing of the characters and
every single character is a
mathematician a scientist or an engineer
and one of them is Marie curri
prominently featured and she's the only
woman there yeah and she's there looking
at a test tube or something chemical and
we got like a Galileo figure a Newton we
have motep architect of ancient Egypt uh
all these folk and walk under that every
day and you say
yeah one day I'm gonna be on that mirror
it's cool now that's that's that's
fantastic it seems to me everything
Marie curri touched in and around her
lab might still be radioactive today yes
is that true I'm sure it is okay how
about her notes her clothing her her
effects yeah radium has a halflife of
1600 years oh well there you have it
that's it yeah 1,600 years you remind
people about halflife so whatever how
much radium you have today in 1600 years
you have half that much right and then
1600 years you have half of that half of
that so 3200 years you have 1/4 of
what's sitting in front of you right now
so clearly that's so you dead what what
does she die of she died of a plastic
anemia so her body could no longer
create red blood cells partly
radioactivity exposure but also x-ray
exposure because during World War I she
outfitted a van with X-ray equipment and
drove to the front because it was going
to be the first time that battle wounds
could be x-rayed and she created a
Mobile X-Ray unit for wow it was
instantly obvious what the value of
X-rays were when they were discovered
even so she had argue with some of the
doctors who had never seen it because it
was still relatively new okay and so she
she created this car that had all the
equipment and then because people were
very quickly convinced and were willing
to
have have something permanent wherever
the field hospitals were so she set up a
course she created a six- week course in
x-ray electricity human anatomy and she
trained 150 French women to do that same
work wow so every ex-ray technician owes
her yes a debt because their she created
their job yes well what there were some
before that but they were coming up
through the medical ranks her feeling
was this is a crisis and there are a lot
of women who want to help and I can
women are not on the front I can tell
them
yeah I can tell them what they need to
know and they can go and do it I it's
amazing because you learn about uh Maria
cury and like they just say radio
activity they say that um just the short
list short list they're like
radioactivity Nobel Prize woman
scientist and moving on you know like
that's it this is I mean I'm absolutely
Gob smacked by all the accomplishments
this woman and what she's responsible
for when I started this book the
pandemic happened so I didn't get to go
to Paris but what I discovered was that
everything about Madam cury has been
digitized so her personal notebooks the
most touching of which is the grief
Journal she kept for a year after her
husband's death in which she spoke to
him you can read the whole thing online
so you had access to digital records so
you didn't have to expose yourself to
what might be residual radium well I
couldn't even have the grief of going to
Paris you know it was
um it was what I had to settle for but I
was fascinated by the the wealth of the
material you can read all of the weekly
publications of the Academy of Sciences
back centuries and it's easy yeah to to
get at and then her notebooks yes okay
it's just H you sold me it's free just
you had me at free get up your your your
French reading it's the only thing oh
it's all in French oh okay yeah but of
course yeah yeah unless it's just
English and a really bad French accent
I'm
screwed he does a Frenchman bad accent
really well I bet I bet and you always
give them a cigarette that's what it
does you you have you have to have a
cigarette okay it is French law
you do not want me to be
arrested how soon we forget or perhaps
never knew or worse yet suppressed the
contributions of so many people so many
scientists
engineers Seekers of cosmic truths being
in a laboratory or in the sky anywhere
the the number of people represented in
that population is
huge yet we only ever read about a few
of them here and there and
somehow we some of us are prone to think
the information knowledge Discovery just
somehow is handed to us from on high
from a tablet in the sky no it's hard
work and scientists who are committed
have done this often without reward the
only reward is the Act of Discovery and
the knowledge that the universe is
knowable and you on the frontier of on
that moving Frontier have contributed to
that base of knowledge that we call
science Marie curri among others and her
all the women in her lab and all the
other labs that we have yet to hear
about because Davis soel hasn't written
about them yet with who knows how many
Labs lurk in our ignorance for us to get
a full appreciation of the foundations
of what we take for granted as modern
science and that is a cosmic perspective
so Dava our first ever start talk guest
I want you to come back for every book
that you write I I want to write another
one just for that
moment if you need incentive to back to
start write another damn book got it
okay you got it thanks for being on the
show Chuck good to have you man always a
pleasure all right this has been star
talk with our inaugural guest returning
coming back to us in this the the 600th
episode of what she started as episode
number one Dava soel wow thanks for
coming back wow Neil Tyson here your
personal astrophysicist as always keep
looking up
[Music]